
Here are the new files you need to run the EconSim. The MS_Mod_Main 
and MS_Mod_Debug files just replace the ones you currently have.
The MS_Mod_StationTest is a new cluster made just to test each station.
if you have the debug keybinds installed you can hyper jump from station
to station using ctrl-alt-G which makes testing your economic flows much, 
much easier.

I put the editied cargo_category.ini file in the MS_Mod_StationTest folder. 
And the new trade data is located there as well.


cargo_category.ini

Check out this file to see the new name format. (more on that topic below)
As you can see, it is not much different. This file has been checked and
all typo errors have been removed. It is fully working. However, there are
some errors in the file that only you can fix. Duplicates and some player
systems have been overwritten.

There is some extra name checking in the econ code. If you search the 
log file for the word "Error" you can find some mistakes that the
econ code has caught. Change the categories file until all these errors
 are gone. 


SCRIPT:   [unknown] tEconSmall.CreateCategories
SCRIPT:   [unknown] Error: Duplicate cargo entry detected
SCRIPT:   [unknown] ECC_Nanotechnology category CT_NanoAssemblers cargo

The code check for these things:
Typo errors in the cargo type names.
Duplicate use of cargo pods in categories.
Any use of player systems in the cargo.
Any use of ammo storage items in the cargo.

Are there other common errors that you have made before that we
can look for in an automated fashion? People make mistakes, and 
computers can be really good at finding the errors.

I am attaching a file CargoTypes.h that contains the valid names
that can be used for cargo pod entries. This is a little different
than the names you were using before. There are no spaces and
they must all start with a CT_ marker. Using these names
is the key to the workaround I had to put in place to make the 
econ sim immune from translation name changes.

There are a few other areas that are commented out. Look for 
;? commented question marks to find those spots quickly.


trade_data.ini

The new change here is that jump payments are now percent of cargo value.
The value in the file is multiplied by the value of the cargo, so these
values should always be greater than 1.0. 

The very first value jump[0]=1.05 is used as the local system hauling fee. 
When you purchase pods, this amount is lowered off the price. When you sell
pods, you earn the full price. Thus the player can earn this much by doing
cargo hauls within the same system. Be careful with this value. There are no
costs to the player for local hauling planned into the MiddleStates release. 
This could unbalance things.





